hello everyone so welcome to a new vlog
today is Tuesday I'm a decent level of
busy today
I've got lectures first luckily they
don't start till 10:30 this morning so I
am right on time I want to read over a
few lecture notes today do a few
supervision questions then I've got a
supervision this afternoon which I'm
pretty sure is going to be a long one
I reckon it's going to be an hour and a
half or at least it was last time I had
this particular super knowing me I'm
going to need the full hour and a half
and then also later this afternoon I'm
going to get my dress for a bull altered
because I'm going to a snowball at the
end of time I'll just give you a sneak
peek of the dress but it's too long for
me at the moment so I need to get it
taken up hence why I'm going to this
cloves dress ultra and then this evening
I want to go to the Astronomical Society
talk which i think is on the Apollo
missions today so yeah it's quite a busy
fun day today first things first I'm
going to pack up my stuff into my bag
and cycle over to the lecture theatre so
that I'm not late I have a feeling that
I'm going to get really really lost in
my second lecture today that lecture
course has just it's gone too fast for
me and I haven't had time to catch it up
because I've been doing all my other
work is there even much point going I'm
not sure am I going to keep up I don't
know but if I'm not keeping up in the
lecture I'm just going to get out the
past lecture notes which I don't
understand and read over those quietly
to myself and just not listen to the
actual lecture you know we need to find
the root of the issue fix that first and
then tune in to all subsequent lectures
I'm going to get going I need to get a
coat I have now decided that it is
indeed cold enough to wear a coat while
I cycled to lectures up into the battle
week ago I was still cycling and just a
jumper and yeah I tell you what it's
cold in Cambridge now it's raining
almost every day I'm not even joking
everyday I get down to my bike and there
is water on the bike seat how's it rain
every single day of the week why can't
the clouds just go away
but anyway two lectures
miraculously it's dry pretty much I am
late the lights were not on my side this
morning and this she got stopped every
single sound traffic lights it's not
good but it's only two minutes late so
I'll just miss the recap of last lecture
which is fine
so I actually made it to my first
lecture on time it's raining as you can
see it is disgusting my next cycle over
but to be honest I'm back at the IOA for
a seat a little later so it's a bit
nicer walking in the rain rather than
slightly marine I can hide under my hood
like this hello everyone
I have had lunch I actually managed to
follow a larger chunk of that lecture
then I thought I would so pat on the
back to me I'm now walking back to the
asteroid apartment it seems it was just
a bit of a shower earlier it stopped
raining my trousers have almost dried
off I'm just gonna do some work in the
Astro library I reckon and we are
approaching the odds building
[Music]
this room is so cozy I love it okay I'm
gonna get my workout cuz I've got about
an hour and 15 before my supervision
which is actually in this building
conveniently I need to really read over
some lecture notes okay peeps
I have just got back my supervision was
good I actually think my supervisor for
my dynamics course it's so good he
explains things really really well he
should go into teaching or something and
he puts me on the spot and makes me
write things up on the board although I
hate being put on the spot it's actually
what I need to actually make things
clear in my head okay so I am on my way
to the address alteration shop or house
I'm not too sure it's a shop or if it's
like someone's house that they just run
out of but it had good reviews online I
think I'm going in the right direction
I hope I'm not too sure I'm gonna have
to get Google Maps up when I'm a bit
closer success I found the house
I've had my dress pinned up and it's
going to be taken up a little so I'm not
tripping over it which is good news I'm
gonna head back to college now go get
dinner and CAF a lot of my friends are
going to a formal the seasoning so they
won't be around but quite good news so I
can get work done I won't be distracted
by all my friends which is exactly what
I need as I mentioned earlier I'm also
going to a talk by Q asks the
Astronomical Society are hosting it some
the Apollo missions some science writer
is giving the talk and that's at 7:00 or
7:30 I can't remember which one 22 check
the time of that find quite police's
myself today I've done quite a lot of
work and I feel like the work I've done
has been useful work I feel like I've
learned something so yeah hello so I've
had a rowing outing this morning when I
get up for a rowing outing I do not put
any effort into my parents hence why I'm
looking like this I've just warmed up
and had a belVita
in the kitchen to boost me for the day I
now have 45 minutes until I need to
leave in which time I need to wash my
hair do I need to wash my hair yes I
need to wash my hair I have a really
nice warm shower it's gonna be the
highlight of my day
did someone just go in that bathroom
how'd you do the struggle when someone
goes in the bathroom when you want to go
in that's the struggle anyway I'm gonna
brush my teeth and go going on lecture 1
coffee break complete on to my second
lecture I am running late because I
prioritized finishing my coffee over
getting here on time but heigh-ho
just about one time
[Music]
third lecture of the day that I'm done
hallelujah
[Music]
hello vlog so I'm not sure when I last
updated you today this evening I've not
been too happy it's just one of those
days where just it's all been piling up
all the work which has left me stressed
already a few other things that happens
a day and it's just it all got a bit too
much but I'm okay now
I've spoken to my parents on the phone
and that always helps I have only got
three weeks left of term now yeah it's
kind of scary because term has gone very
quickly but also good it'll be good to
get one term out the way I want to go
for a run tomorrow morning because I
haven't been for a run in ages and that
is such a good way to like clear your
head hey peeps do you want to hear
something funny
I was gonna go for a run this morning
took one look outside and was like it's
pouring with rain
no thank you went downstairs had
breakfast and had Nutella on toast I
love that healthy lifestyle I've done
some work this morning though before
lectures I'm feeling much more positive
I've only got a couple of lectures this
morning as well which is good because
I've got the whole afternoon to do work
and I am taking the evening off because
I'm going to formal at Queens College
this evening which should be exciting
cuz I've never been to a Queen's formal
before and that is with other people who
are studying astrophysics in my year so
I think that's about 15 of us going
it'll be nice to get to know the people
on my course a little bit better outside
of the department and yeah I'm gonna run
off now cuz I don't want to be late for
lectures I think it's still raining out
there it's really not the greatest day
to be wearing my glasses because they
are just gonna fill up with rain and I
probably won't be able to see anything
but I don't want to put contact lenses
on at this point because I want to wear
contact lenses when I go to formal later
I don't want to have them in for too
long so you're not supposed to have them
in for like more than 10 hours at a time
or something like that
let's pray I don't get caught at every
single traffic like today
hello look I have made it to my physics
section the turnout was very poor this
morning I think we're about to start
hello guys I've just been to Sainsbury's
and I got 10 pounds off my shopping from
all the next points I've been collecting
I'm so proud of myself
like that was a great moment where I was
able to redeem those points 2,000 points
people that's me using all my
three-times points vouchers and coupons
that I get I fought wine for formal this
evening and a breakfast food and lunch
food for the next few days and here's
will where are ya well I'm actually
going to Queens College football it's
gonna be interesting because half the
class didn't turn up to our lectures
this morning because it was pouring with
rain and our lecturer is actually coming
to the formal so you know they have to
have their excuses prepared for why they
weren't there I am a dedicated student I
was there I was five minutes late and I
was feeling bad until I walked in and
was like wow just pat on the back for me
for even turning up now we are heading
to M&S because we are fancy students who
totally sharpen M&S the whole time I
don't you've caught me in a rare
occasion of me actually shopping yeah
yeah actually yeah well barely have
enough food chops his parents just come
and buy him some food when they visit
isn't that right his parents aren't here
so he has to buy his own food but I need
some honey because M&S honey is the best
honey you'll find and Sainsbury's handed
it isn't quite cutting it I have quite
expensive honey taste which I blame on
my parents and you know what I just know
it'll brighten my day so I think it's
worth it but we're just going to try and
forget about the price tag because it's
so worth it and to be fair her breakfast
it might not work out that much
[Music]
good evening everyone so I've just been
to Queens College for a formal as I
mentioned earlier it was actually really
nice the food was good I had good
company my classmates are really nice
unfortunately I have to walk all the way
back to college now across town and my
feet hurt because I'm wearing heels and
I did consider bringing flats with me
and then changing but then I didn't want
the faff but now I'm just like my feet
hurt the Queen's formal Hall is massive
there's a massive portrait of the Queen
in there as well which I guess kinds of
adds up in Queens College
it's always funny walking around
Cambridge at this time because you see
so many people walking around in the
gowns because obviously everyone's gone
too formal and it's just classic
Cambridge I was also speaking to my
course mates this evening and a few of
them have also not completed their
supervision work which is due in
tomorrow we all have the same deadline
the question sheet is really hard this
week and I'm trying my best with it but
just bunked into a view of that which is
quite funny it's really weird this year
how I've got quite a few people stopping
me around Cambridge and saying oh you're
a youtuber i watch your videos and i'm
like yeah yeah nice to meet you so
actually it's a good conversation
starter I've got to say if any of you
are watching and you are in Cambridge
and you see me wandering around please
say hi but yeah I think I was saying but
lots of people have not finished the
supervision work for tomorrow and the
question sheet was really hard it's not
for lack of trying someone even miss
lectures this morning to do that
supervision work and I'm like should I
have been doing that should I have
skipped lectures but then there was only
eight of us in lectures this morning so
it's a bit awkward how crazy is this
like look I'm walking past King's
College just approaching King's chapel
I'm like this is crazy
I live here you have to pinch yourself
at some time it's like Cambridge is such
a lovely City hello everyone so I've got
lectures today three whole lectures and
I've got a deadline at 5 p.m. I'm not
sure how much I back myself to actually
make this deadline it's just a mad rush
and then I know I've got a very busy
weekend because all my hand is there at
the start of next week I knew it will
come to this I called this I predict in
advance even though I've been trying my
best but
Yeah right I'm gonna get going hello
everyone I guess a summary of the day is
me taking on quantum mechanics I skipped
a lecture this afternoon just so I could
plow onwards with the quantum mechanics
in a battle of quantum mechanics versus
page quantum mechanics definitely one I
handed in what I'd done the question
sheet was so hard this week I'm hoping
to give my friends from home a Skype
call this evening just so I can catch up
with them because I haven't spoken to
them in ages
I don't know how it happens like life
gets busy and I just don't speak to
people in ages and it's like I want to
catch up I'm gonna end this book here
thanks for watching guys give the video
a like if you enjoyed it subscribe to
see more videos from me hit the
notification bells then you're notified
when I upload follow me over on my
Instagram and yes I will see you guys
soon with another video bye
[Music]
you